This page decribes room meeting for the SOCVR room.

## March 2016

### Agenda

* Can we ask for someone in the room to edit in a relevant tag on a question so that it can be single-handedly closed with the hammer?
* Should we leave a comment under posts that were closed as a result of a cv-pls in order to let the OP know how to improve their question?
* Does the room need to be renamed so that it doesn't focus only on "Close" activity?

### Resolutions

<!-- fill in what we decide on -->

<!-- Please fill in the rest -->
